updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16835)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/samples/ws-transaction-flow.md

3. To run the sample in a single- or cross-machine configuration, follow the instructions in [Running the Windows Communication Foundation Samples](../../../../docs/framework/wcf/samples/running-the-samples.md).  
  
    > [!NOTE]

>     > For cross-machine configuration, enable the Distributed Transaction Coordinator using the instructions below, and use the WsatConfig.exe tool from the Windows SDK to enable WCF Transactions network support. See [Configuring WS-Atomic Transaction Support](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/framework/wcf/feature-details/configuring-ws-atomic-transaction-support) for information on setting up WsatConfig.exe.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > For cross-machine configuration, enable the Distributed Transaction Coordinator using the instructions below, and use the WsatConfig.exe tool from the Windows SDK to enable WCF Transactions network support. For information on setting up WsatConfig.exe, see [Configuring WS-Atomic Transaction Support](../feature-details/configuring-ws-atomic-transaction-support.md).  
```
